
#Entrepreneurs Forum Summit
Tagline: Connecting with world shakers

A yearly Entrepreneurs Summit where you get a chance to connect entrepreneurs and
people who are doing amazing things around the world. 


#Summit Program

#Interactive Workshops
Impactful one on one sessions with Global leaders and Entrepreneurs. The workshops will be conducted in small groups to make them more personal.

#Pitching competition
Participants will get a chance to pitch their ideas to potential investors. The winner with the best pitch will also get $1000 cash price.

#Keynote speeches
Be part of other 100 people who will be have the opportunity to be in the room where some of the top leaders will be making their keynote speeches.

#Brand showcase
A number of companies and our partners will have a chance to showcase their products and services in various booths.

#Connection & Networking 
Participants will get a chance to connect and network throughout the two days event. This will be a great opportunity build relations. 


#Featured Speakers
The conference will feature international speakers who will share strategies on building a successful and sustainable business and make a
impactful change in our communities.

Mike Ogalo
Professor of Law, University of The People
Mike Ogalo is a senior Professor of law with wide experience in commercial law. He is passionate about spearheading conversations that create a better work and business experience. 

Loreen Moli
Director of Moli Holdings, Nairobi Kenya
Loreen is a passionate entrepreneur leading the one of the most profitable privately owned fashion brand in the region. She is passionate about empowering entrepreneurs.

Pius Gizman
CEO and Team leader of the Gizma foundation
With his deep focus on impacting people from vulnerable communities,Gizman is a social entrepreneur who has build several profit and no-profit organizations over the las 10 years.

Joyce Mine
Director general of Alamy trust, Germany
Joyce Mine is a force to recon when it comes to spearheading efforts to fight for the rights of under disadvantaged groups in the community. She is currently the team lead at Alamy Foundation  

Freeman Ala
Leadership coach and Team effectiveness ambassador
Know by many as Team Effectiveness Ambassador, Dr. Freeman Ala is an executive leadership couch who is passionate about improving team effectiveness and building effective working relationships.

James Serengia
Senior Software Engineer at Sawabox.com, Nairobi
James Serengia is a Senior Software Engineer at sawabox.com. He is also the author of Life Gives You What You Settle For. He is passionate about people and finding better ways to do things.

